I want to add some icons and for that, you can google for react native vector icons. Then you should
find this github repository here, react native vector icons, this is a repository or library that makes it
easy for you to add icons to your react native app.
You actually got a selection of icon sets you can use,
I'm going to go with the ionicons but you can of course also use material icons or whichever icons
you like, you can always click on these links here to also see a list of all the icons where you can
search for specific icons to pick the one you want to use in your app.
So these are our icon resources but to include them, we need this library, so to install it, we can
simply execute this command here,
so let's go back to our code and run npm install --save just as we did before with redux because
it's a normal npm distributed package here
and then it's called react-native-vector-icons,
simply hit enter and it will download and install it.
Now unlike redux, this won't work just like that,
we instead need to add some things to our iOS and Android projects and code to connect this library
to our native application
because this library unlike redux doesn't just run with javascript but needs to run some native code
and for that, we need to connect it to our native code projects which are stored in the Android and iOS
folders.
Now as for all libraries that reach out to native code features that you might add,
you will always find installation instructions on the respective github pages and I strongly recommend
reading through them because every library has its extra twist or something special which you didn't
have to do for some other library
and it's the case here too
but there are some steps which are always the same.
And there also is an automatic way of adding such libraries, I'll describe it in an article after this
video but I'm a big fan of showing the manual way because you learn more when doing this and the
automatic one sometimes fails, the manual one always works.
So for that, how can we add it? For this library,
we theoretically wouldn't need to add much if we didn't want to use one specific capability of it which
will become more important later in the course but which I'll already include here because it shows
a typical way of connecting a native feature library to your app.
So let's start with linking it to iOS, to iOS projects in the next lecture.